what's up guys this is andy from now
when ma youtube channel in this video
i'm going to show you an untethered
jailbreak for your four point two point
one I device it works for the ipod touch
2nd generation third generation fourth
generation it also works for the iphone
3g 3gs and the iphone 4 it also works
for the ipad again this is for four
point two point one and it's a nun to
the drill rig which means you can turn
off and turn on your device it's a
normal jailbreak and it's pretty awesome
and it's with greenpoison rc5 and let me
show you guys that this ipod touch is
running for point-to-point one as you
see right here and cydia is not on it so
when you download the program the green
poison rc5 program is going to show up
in a folder like this I'll just you're
just going to need to extract the file
and once you extract it you should have
this program and you should look like
this ok so now I'm going to show you how
to jailbreak ok so this is green poison
ah it's going to tell you to prepare to
jailbreak right here and you're saying
right here please power off your device
and connect it to begin so make sure
your device is turned off and make sure
it's connected to the computer my device
is off and it's connected so let's say
prepare to jailbreak and you're going to
need to hold the power button for three
seconds power and home button for 10
seconds
don't let go of the power button and
keep holding the home button for 15
seconds and once you do that you're
going to hit jailbreak just click on
that and everything should be good to go
and my security alert pop top
and I just ignored it of course
you
okay so here we have it let's slide to a
lot and you should have a new app called
loader so connect your Wi-Fi connection
and now you can install Cydia let me
type in my password ok so let's install
Cydia here and can install install cydia
and you can just give us some time to
download and we should be good to go
with Cydia and then untethered jailbreak
your idevice does it restart try
restarting it
so here i have cydia on my ipod touch
4th generation running for
point-to-point one of course is
untethered jailbreak and you can
actually turn off and turn on your
device so if you're having any problems
with this please comment below and I'll
try to help you out or other people can
and also subscribe if you're not for
more videos like this and thumbs up the
video if you enjoyed it thanks for
watching peace